Add what's new in v2 page + some additional v2 information (#710)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/agent/upgrade.md

>
> The upgrade of `chocolatey-agent` through `chocolatey-agent` will require a restart of the service in order for the new version to be picked up.

> ### Minor / Patch versions (for example 1.1.x to 1.3.x, or 1.1.1 to 1.1.5)

Author: Currently, sure, but as we release more versions it means the guidance is more confusing and less relevant, doesn't it?

To upgrade Chocolatey Agent directly, you can upgrade it through Chocolatey CLI with the command `choco upgrade chocolatey-agent`.

> ### Major Versions

Author: Maybe? But it would also apply to upgrading v2 to v3 as well when we get there, so it felt more useful to generalise so we needn't have to come back and add a bunch more / revise this again too much later on.

> Due to the related dependencies and how they are typically specific across major versions of Chocolatey Agent, a specific upgrade process must be followed.

Author: hmm, I think one of those was meant to be "specified"...

I'll have a look.

> For example, when upgrading from **v1.x** to a **v2.x** version of Chocolatey Agent, the process looks like this:

Author: I'm not sure we want to have to add a whole new section every major release here just because we were overly specific about the version numbers, though :/

> For example, when upgrading from **v1.x** to a **v2.x** version of Chocolatey Agent, the process looks like this:

Reviewer: Is this not in the major updates section? If that is the case is there any point in having the version numbers at all?

> For example, when upgrading from **v1.x** to a **v2.x** version of Chocolatey Agent, the process looks like this:

Author: Yeah it is. I agree it would be nicer to have just no version numbers at all, but I had a lot of difficulty trying to phrase how it would work in more general terms, so I went with using the v1 -> v2 route as the example to follow as it should be pretty similar for any major version, but a specific example makes it much easier to talk about.

1. Ensure you are on the latest stable **v1.x** version of Chocolatey CLI, **v5.x** version of Chocolatey Licensed Extension, and **v1.x** version of Chocolatey Agent.
1. Upgrade `chocolatey` **first**.
1. Due to the dependency version ranges and Chocolatey CLI's dependency resolution, `chocolatey-agent` will be upgraded alongside the `chocolatey` package and associated dependencies.

> ### Using Chocolatey Central Management to upgrade chocolatey-agent

Author: Sure! Don't think title case generally capitalises "to" though.

> ### Using Chocolatey Central Management to upgrade chocolatey-agent

Reviewer: It doesn't. I got overzealous. 👍

To upgrade Chocolatey Agent, you can upgrade it through Chocolatey with the command `choco upgrade chocolatey-agent`.

### Upgrading from v1.x to v2.x

Due to the incompatibilities between the dependencies for v1.x and v2.x versions of Chocolatey Agent, a specific upgrade process must be followed.

> 1. Ensure you are on the latest stable version of Chocolatey, Chocolatey Licensed Extension, and Chocolatey Agent.

Reviewer 2: Because 2.x/6.x will be the latest stable version of things when this is published, we should be clear about what "stable" is here...

```suggestion
1. Ensure you are on the latest v1.x version of Chocolatey, v5.x version of Chocolatey Licensed Extension, and v1.x version of Chocolatey Agent.
```

Author: yeah, good catch...
